# CG_ZIF-8

Welcome!
Here you can find the underlying potentials of the IBI and FM force fields for each of the three ZIF-8 mappings studied in our work. The potentials can be found inside the directory of each respective mapping, which also contains a README file to instruct which potential corresponds to which bond, angle and nonbonded interaction. Specifically for the FM models, it is also possible to find the values of the psi coefficients of the volume dependent part of the Hamiltonian, used in the pressure matching method.
Note for pairwise potentials: the shifting at the cutoff relies on LAMMPS doing it for me (when inputting a table to be used as a potential in LAMMPS, it makes the shifting at the cutoff, as it can be verified by using the pair_write command). Now with a bit more experience in potential tables, I think it is more adequate that you build up a methodology to do this shifting by yourself so that this is not fated to occur at a very short delta_r. But in case you dont do it, it should not be horrible to continue with this approach of letting LAMMPS do it also: the physics is there and it will simply happen in a steeper fashion depending on how the values of energy and force of the given potential look near the cutoff.

In the main directory, it is also possible to find a code called IBI_nonbonded.py which is an example of the code used to carry out the pre-treatment of the distributions and update in the potential during the IBI algorithm. In the setup, this python code was called by a bash script which iteratively runs MD simulations, create the bonded probability density functions using VOTCA (only done when bonded potentials are to be updated in the given iteration) and calls the given python code.* There is one python code for each potential within each mapping, but they all share the same protocol to pre-treat the distributions and do the update. The code here-by presented as an illustrative example is the code to do the update of the non-bonded 1-1 potential in mapping A.

Finally, on the directory named "Swing_angle_FM_investigation" it is possible to find the FM non-bonded potentials involving ZIF-8 and N2 beads used to study ZIF-8/N2 at the CG level in our work. As discussed in the manuscript, these potentials were put together with the FM potentials developed for the not-loaded ZIF-8 coarsened according to mapping C (found at Mapping_C/FM_potentials) to assemble the overall force fields considered in the work (namely, FM-s1 and FM-s2). For FM-s1 and FMs-2, each, there are in total four FM non-bonded potentials involving ZIF-8 and N2 beads within the mapping considered for the ZIF-8/N2 study, and the beads each of these potentials concerns follow what is indicated in their name by an index: the ZIF-8 bead concerned follows the bead type indexing shown in the manuscript and gas beads are indicated by the number 4.

* It may be worth remembering that the RDFs, used in the update of the non-bonded potentials, are printed by LAMMPS during the CG-MD simulation.
